# CS340-Client-Server-Development

Layouts are typically something I focus on when writing easily readable or maintainable code as I think it messes with the flow if not laid out that is pleasant to the eye. Having the two documents was nice so that way there wasn't too much clutter on one screen. While I get better at practicing this, I'll want to learn on commenting on code more often since there may be multiple codes written at different times when building or developing projects. The CRUD file now that it is built will be able to be used in other projects and if any changes need to be made only to that, it can be done easily and independently. 
Problems were typically resolved with lots of research. I had to look up different examples online to help me understand how other professionals were changing the code and what it was doing specifically based on the examples. When it came to resolving some of the issues for this specific project, it helped that the guidance documents and books had many options to offer these users based on their requirements. Its at this point that there is some creativity in this positions where there are multiple options and you really get to decide which you think may be most helpful to the users based on what they have given the devs. In the future, depending on the project, I think it would be nice to draft up some quick appliocations with different styles to really try and test them out. This could be considered a waste of time since all of this is usually decided before developing but I know sometimes a thought can seem like a good idea and at some point, certain professional may not like what they are seeing or experiencing. 
This project is at the heart of what computer scientist do when it comes to using technology to help our customers become more efficient in the way that they handle their data. It's been mentioned a couple of times in this course but our job in this project was to help Grazioso Salvare create an application that can take data from a variety of different organizations and place them all in one area where they can be combined and filtered and explored to find the best dogs suited for their rescue trainings. 
